feat(curriculum): add block 2 dialogs and tasks of the B1 course of the English Curriculum (#57471)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-past-experiences/6750651aafcea04c6958a4e5.md

---
id: 6750651aafcea04c6958a4e5
title: Task 40
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-40
---

<!-- (Audio) James: Everything else was running smoothly once the database issue was fixed. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Everything else BLANK running smoothly once the database issue was fixed.`

## --blanks--

`was`

### --feedback--

This word is the singular form of the verb `to be` in the Simple Past, used with subjects like `everything`, `something`, `anything`, and `nothing`.

# --explanation--

> Words like `everything`, `something`, `anything`, and `nothing` are indefinite pronouns that take singular verbs, even though they may refer to multiple items or concepts. Here are examples for each:  
> 
> - `Everything was ready for the presentation.` (`everything` refers to all things and requires a singular verb)
> 
> - `Something is wrong with the code.` (`something` refers to an unspecified thing and takes a singular verb)
> 
> - `Is anything missing from the report?` (`anything` refers to any one thing in a general sense and uses a singular verb)
> 
> - `Nothing was found in the logs.`  (`nothing` refers to the absence of things and requires a singular verb)
> 
> In the sentence `Everything else was running smoothly`, you use `was` because `everything` is treated as singular, even though it refers to multiple elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Words like `everything`, `something`, `anything`, and `nothing` are indefinite pronouns that take singular verbs, even though they may refer to multiple items or concepts. For example:  

- `Everything was ready for the presentation.` - `Everything` refers to all things and requires a singular verb.

- `Something is wrong with the code.` - `Something` refers to an unspecified thing and takes a singular verb.

- `Is anything missing from the report?` - `Anything` refers to any one thing in a general sense and uses a singular verb.

- `Nothing was found in the logs.`  - `Nothing` refers to the absence of things and requires a singular verb)

In the sentence `Everything else was running smoothly`, you use `was` because `everything` is treated as singular, even though it refers to multiple elements.
```
